Track 01.02
Narrator: 1
You argue with someone
when you don’t agree about something.
Narrator: 2
You complain
when you’re not happy about something
Narrator: 3
You encourage someone
when you say good things
about what they want to do.
Narrator: 4
If you persuade
someone, you make them agree to do something.
Narrator: 5
If you insist on something,
you say that something must happen.
Narrator: 6
You greet someone when they
arrive at a place.
Narrator: 7
You admit something
when you tell someone
something about yourself
that you don't want to.
Narrator: 8
You forgive someone when you
stop being angry with them
because they did something wrong.
Narrator: 9
You refuse to do something
when you say you will not do it
Narrator: 10
You update someone when you give
them the most recent information.